#V1 12/13/2020
The goal of this project is to create a prototype theory builder.
The project is organized into three main parts:
1. The tuning system infrastructure
2. The Theory
3. The Theory builder

Tuning systems are the easiest idea to pursue. Though it is tricky to separate the different elements of systems into common and variable parts. All tuning systems have a list of doubles, or a system map. Systems like equal temperament, meantone temperament, or well temperament; can be defined by a base, in this case a double and a set number of steps between doubles. The base does not need to be a double, it can be calculated as a base through other means, such as an overtonal system, or a logarithmic system. Layer 1 systems have some sort of basic formula, sorta. This formula only really works for equal temperament.

It is difficult not to overcomplicate things. I should favor composition over inheritance, but a lot of the composition makes a lot of repeated code. Right now the structre is
 TuningSystem -> GenericSystem -> FormattedSystem -> EqualTemperament
TuningSystem provides the main system ability, to get the main system list and build the system.
Generic system provides the list to its subclass and implements the method from TuningSystem
FormattedSystem provides the center frequency, base, and spacing (octave size).
This subclassing structure might work well, but allows further access to more of the system as the class becomes more concrete. Equal temperament provides an actual concrete system. The rest of the system parts should be created with composition. Combination systems are only systems, but contain different system types and addons. The public interface is TuningSystem. EqualTemperament is accessed by the builder directly, so the builder can access the format.

Created an equal temperament system. Added a center frequency mechanism. There are two counters. There is one used to calculate the system or s, is goes from -centerFrequency to size - centerFrequency. This shifts the system back so 0 for s is the center of the system. i counts from 0 to size. This calculation may be a bit confusing, but it works pretty well, and is pretty simple. I am not sure how to test the system, the list is rather large, testing has to be specic, NOT modular. It is not necessary to test building systems with lots of different usages. OR I can test a few key different aspects. 
No, Equal temperament should be tested to prove it is equal temperament. It is difficult right now to figure out which versions of equal temperament would be good for testing the builder. I have some ideas.
Made S1 Equal Temperament Creation Process. Works.
The next step is to make the theory: ratio map. Ratio map is an analysis that creates all the ratios for an octave. If an octave does not exist (the base spacing), then the whole system should be analysed. There is only two cases then. Then a formatted system has all the requirements for making the analysis so it should be used.

Made R1 Ratio analysis one octave sample test. Created 3 methods to make less code. The first method gets the first value of the list used as the ratio bottom, and a sublist used as the sample numerators to calculate the ratios. The next method calculates the ratio list. Each ratio is calculated with another method. That method takes in an upper and lower bound, with the ratio (n/d) approximation. The lower bound is the real value to approximate * 99/100. The Upper bound is the real value to approximate * 101/100. The real value is the first value/each number of the sample. The method makes the ratio approach the bound recursively, if above upper bound, the method is called with the ratio d + 2/d + 1. If below the lower bound, the method is called with the ratio n + 1/d. 


#V1 12/14/2020
Goal is to the the other test for ratio analysis.
Made A2 Ratio analysis full range test. The sublist is just different, and a lot longer. The test gets a stack overflow error. It becomes difficult to reach some of the later ratios. 
High ratios requires many layers of recursion, since it only improves d+1 per layer. Maybe D should increase proportionally. It might also be better to have a higher starting fraction.   
Made the numerator scale, the method runs with no stack overflow, and it works pretty well. The new numerator = (Math.ceil(lowerBound * 2)); The numerator scales with the lower bound so there is far less recursion needed for higher values. After a point (no idea when exactly) the rations all become n/2, so it would be difficult to really categorize these intervals as real meaningful intervals. I think these tests are more for efficiency, not specific values (there's a lot of values), they are more stress tests. The next test is to make a test that requires complex fractions.
A3 Ratio analysis dense octave sample test. This test is interesting, eventually there will be numbers so close to 1 that the ratio is 1, I'm not sure what these intervals should even be since they are very close to the starting tone. They could be a sudo replacement starting tone. The complexity recursion does not seem to be an issue. Again, this test this more for efficiency. I'm not sure how to make the tests work, at some point I will do that.

The next step is the interval classification. This analysis is a lot harder than previous ones, since I do not know all the possible cases for intervals. Intervals also require access to multiple (usually consecutive) intervals. The first interval type, or really pair is major/minor. In base 2, major minor are a pair of intervals, the more complex interval is minor, the less complex interval is major. The analysis needed for interval categories is the ratio analysis. The origional system is not needed. Actually, it might be needed for tri-tones. It is difficult to really test this with real ratio lists. Maybe I can test it with cut-down ratio lists. 
Made A4 Interval Analysis tonic (first tone). Maybe I should make ratios a different class. It would be convient if I can have a computation method. I'll create it as an interval for entry. Actually, 


#V1 12/16/2020
tritones are the next interval to categorize. I'm not sure if tritones should be categorized by b^(n/2) or b^(n/b). In base 2, they are 2^(1/2), the definition for tri-tones is the interval spaced in between two tonics. For base 4, if we only consider the main tonics, 4^(1/2) is 2. This tone is a tritone by definition but it does not function like a tritone musically. If we make any whole number a tonic, then 4^(1/4) and 4^(3/4), if we look at the ratios the first interval is 17/12 (same as 2^(1/2)) so it works as a tritone. The second interval is 17/6, I'm not sure if this interval really functions as a tritone. With 12 tones per octave in base 4, we can see that 17/6 is a tritone but it might not have the same musical function.
[1/1, 9/8, 5/4, 17/12, 8/5, 16/9, 4/2, 9/4, 5/2, 17/6, 16/5, 25/7]

I will also look at base 3. There is no tonic in the middle like in base 4. 
[1/1, 6/5, 10/7, 19/11, 21/10, 5/2]
We can see that 3^(1/3) is only 10/7, it looks to be part of a major minor pair, not a tritone. 3^(1/2) is 19/11 and the most complex interval, so 3^(1/2) functions better. Let's try one more base as an example. 

Base 5.
[1/1, 7/6, 11/8, 13/8, 17/9, 9/4, 21/8, 28/9, 18/5, 17/4]
5^(1/2) is 9/4, less complex than intervals around it, 5^(1/5) is 11/8, also not too complex. It seems that the tritone is more of a placement than related to music theory.

Base 6.
[1/1, 7/6, 19/14, 11/7, 9/5, 17/8, 17/7, 17/6, 10/3, 19/5, 31/7, 26/5]
6^(1/6) is 19/14, and more complex than the intervals around it. 6^(1/2) is 17/7 so the real tritone is far less complex. It seems like the tritone shifts, base 3 is 3^(1/2), base 4 is weird, base 5 is unclear where 5^(1/2) seems like a tritone but is less complex, base 6 is where 6^(1/6) becomes a more complex interval. This pattern should continue with 7 or it will continue switching, or... something else will happen.

Base 7.
[1/1, 8/7, 4/3, 26/17, 7/4, 4/2, 16/7, 8/3, 46/15, 7/2, 8/2, 23/5, 16/3, 43/7]
Base 7 is really weird. Notice that 7^(5/14) 4/2, this is not a real tonic, it is extremely close though, about 0.003 difference, less than the ration threshold. These false tonics probably appear more often if we look at systems with more tones per octave in bases higher than 2. The base has to be higher than 2. I am not sure if that ratio should be treated like a real tonic, or declared a false tonic and not a special case at all. 7^(1/2) is only 8/3, seems like a less complex tri-tone. 7^(1/7) is only 4/3. 7^(3/14) is 26/17, and far more complex than intervals around it. In this case 26/17 might function as a tritone. 

Base 8.
[1/1, 8/7, 9/7, 22/15, 5/3, 19/10, 11/5, 5/2, 17/6, 13/4, 11/3, 21/5, 19/4, 27/5, 31/5, 14/2]
8^(1/8) is only 9/7, but 8^(3/16) is 22/15. 8^(1/2) is only 17/6, not comparatively complex. So it seems like the tri-tone functionality moves from b^(1/2), to b^(1/b), to (idk what it is in base 5, maybe I need to do another test), to b^(1/b), to b^(3/(b*2)). Base 9 is going to be weird, since it has the same problem that base 4 did. 

Base 9.
[1/1, 9/8, 9/7, 10/7, 13/8, 11/6, 21/10, 7/3, 8/3, 6/2, 17/5, 19/5, 13/3, 34/7, 11/2, 25/4, 14/2, 16/2]
9^(1/2) is 6/2, seems to follow the less complex tritone idea from before. 9^(6/18) or 9^(3/9) are 21/10, not a huge increase in complexity, but may function properly. 

From this experiment, tritone categorization is inconclusive. b^1/2 works for base 2 and 3, for now I can make one tritone test for base 2 and move on to the next interval set or major and minor.

Made A6 Interval Analysis TriTone, base 2.


#V1 12/16/2020
The next interval to test is major, minor, and equal. Major and minor intervals are in pairs. The interval with higher complexity is minor, the interval with lower complexity is major. If both intervals have the same complexity they are both equal. Complexity is a comparison between the ratio denominators, the higher the denominator the higher the complexity.
Made A7 Interval Analysis Major Minor.
Made A8 Interval Analysis Minor Major. To test the opposite order.


#V1 12/16/2020
Made A8 Interval Analysis Minor Major. The test did not work before so fixed it. In java lists you cannot assign index that don't exist yet, and I do not see a way to allocate space for them. Now for equal complexity.
A9 Interval Analysis Equal Equal.
The next type of interval is perfect/imperfect. These intervals are a pair around the tritone that do not fit into a major minor pair. Perfect intervals are less-complex than the tritone, imperfect intervals are more-complex than the tritone (I am not sure that this is true yet, it will be difficult to categorize them). If i2 is a special case (i1 is not) then i1 should be a perfect/impefect, then fetch ratio r3 using i3 (i3 = i2 + 1) and assign perfect/imperfect. Skip i1 2 times (i1 += 2). The distribution of perfect/imperfect will depend on tritone placement, so it is unclear how they work in other bases. It is impossible in base 2 to have perfects/imperfects around a tonic, but other bases/mixed systems may allow it.


#V1 12/26/2020
Made A10 Interval Analysis, perfects in base 2. 
Created another experimental test to see where perfects/imperfects are. Only 2, 16 has an interval more complex than the tritone. As the systems become more dense, the perfects/imperfects repeat. Notice that 2, 20 has the same perfects as 2, 32. 
2, 8:  [1/1, ... 9/7, 17/12, 14/9 ...
2, 12: [1/1, ... 4/3, 17/12, 3/2 ...]
2, 16: [1/1, ... 15/11, 17/12, 22/15 ...]
2, 20: [1/1, ... 11/8, 17/12, 16/11 ...]
2, 24: [1/1, ... 11/8, 17/12, 13/9 ...]
2, 28: [1/1, ... 11/8, 17/12, 13/9, ...]
2, 32: [1/1, ... 11/8, 17/12, 13/9, ...]				
2, 36: [1/1, ... 7/5, 17/12, 10/7, ...]
2, 40: [1/1, ... 7/5, 17/12, 10/7, ...]
2, 44: [1/1, ... 7/5, 17/12, 10/7, ...]
2, 48: [1/1, ... 7/5, 17/12, 10/7, ...]
2, 52: [1/1, ... 7/5, 17/12, 10/7, ...]

There is another way to interpret this repetition idea. By looking at more parallel ratios, since the parallel structure becomes longer the denser the system. But I am not sure if this analysis means anything. from the previous analysis we can see there are not really imperfects, except for 2, 16. So making an imperfect interval might not be needed.


#V2 12/28/2020
A10 Interval Analysis, perfects in base 2 works now. Now for a few full system tests. Full system tests are more for robustness. There should be testing for even systems with perfects, without perfects, odd systems, non-cyclic systems, systems with equal intervals and probably other categories. These system tests will be re-made for testing scales and other tests since they are complex systems. 

#V1 1/5/2021
System tests will be added as my interval classification changes so more tests and full systems will be added retroactively.
Made A10 Interval Analysis, perfects in base 2.
Made A11 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12)
Made A12 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
Made A13 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7)
Made A14 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
Made A15 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi. With A15 I can see that non-cyclic systems have complexity that reduces over time, but I am not sure why the complexity appears to do this. 

#V1 1/9/2021
It is best to go back to the ratio test to investigate. Here is a sample to show how the low bound and high bound changes based on the size of the input value. The higher numbers makes the range become wider, where the ratios do not need to be as complex to fit within the range. If the approximation was more narrow, the ratios will need to be more complex. But I'm not sure if that change makes sense.
 
Input Value		low bound		high bound
65536			64880.64		66191.36
71881.52187		71162.70665		72600.33709
78841.44876		78053.03428		79629.86325
86475.27044		85610.51774		87340.02314
94848.23674		93899.75438		95796.71911
104031.9153		102991.5962		105072.2345
114104.8034		112963.7554		115245.8515

#V1 1/13/2021
did some heavy cleaning and comenting. Even though ratio and intervals are not finnished, they are complete to how well I understand automated and human theory building. I can create a correct interval map for modern equal temperament, so it is time to move on to the major scale. Major scales can be built to include only the major and perfect intervals in a system (it may not need the ratio analysis). Major scales can be applied as a mask that only allows tones within that scale. This mask can be applied one step at a time, in any direction (consecutive up or down), and across tonics. So far we can only define them for cyclic systems in base 2 (until the ratio and interval analysis holes are fixed). We are not sure how to handle equal intervals.
The major scale tests will use the method apply() to fully get the scale instead of transversing it. Scale methods will be tested too.

T1 Major Scale, gets all tonic intervals (only tonic)
- [c] T2 Major Scale, gets all major intervals (only major)
- [c] T3 Major Scale, gets all perfect intervals (only perfect)
- [c] T4 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12), uses applyAt()
- [c] T5 Major Scale, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
- T6 Major Scale, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7) [not fully sure how to handle these intervals in major scales]
- [c] T7 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
- T8 Major Scale, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi [Requests previous tests to be done]
- [c] T9 Scale, start next
- [c] T10 Scale, start next then previous
- [c] T11 Scale, start next across octaves
- [c] T12 Scale, start previous across octaves
- [c] T13 Scale, apply
- [c] T14 Scale, applyAt (full system)

#V1 1/15/2021
Not entirely sure how systems should be limited. I think for next and previous it should throw an exception, repeating the note does not make sense. Making the system circular is not really expected. Returning null might be weird for the player to handle. An exception would indicate that the next note should not exist. For applyAt, throwing an exception does not make sense, since some of the notes would still be playable. We cannot both play and throw an exception. So only including the notes that apply makes sense. It might be a better idea to make it. Actually, I'll make it throw an exception, since it was asked to apply the scale at a point, and it cannot so it should throw the exception since it is the user's fault.
Made the following tests for the scale limit. 
T15 Scale, next scale limit (128)
T16 Scale, previous scale limit (0)
T17 Scale, applyAt upper scale limit
T18 Scale, applyAt lower scale limit

Now is the first real junction. I can continue scales, and do modes, or do chords. I think I'll do chords first, since that lets me build out more infrastructure. Chords are a structure that requires or really revolves around a scale. Chords based on a scale are made from including every other note in a scale. They are played simultaneously, so the apply at will be used to play chords. The chord interface should have methods to control the starting tone, control the number of tones (in a stack), invert the chord (access the number of inversion), and modify the chord [difficult to create this one]. Modification is rather tricky since it would alter the type of the chord. Other systems will have varying chord formats. Sure we can create a major chord, but other formats are difficult to check. The first version of the interface will just allow the first two parts, we don't have proper control over the structure yet of the chords, until we look at chords of other systems for structural patterns. 

The theory for creating chords for a scale is called ScaleChord. It does not classify chords, it only makes all the chords from the scale. It could classify chords, or try to discover the types of chords. But it can only do that with all the mode chords, since not all types of chords may appear in the major scale. Another idea is to have another theory that tries to classify chords realitively. So it will mark the chord types based on their structure (depending on their current length)

Actually Modes will be easier to do next. I'll keep what I've changed/built. I added a main abstract structure class to provide the apply methods and index checking to all structures. Both the chords and modes are not single structures but structure collections. Collections have a list of a specific type of structure. I'm not sure if I'll make a collection interface, I likely will. A collection should be a theory, since it will need make. Collections need a get method.
Made the following tests
T19 Mode, mode 0, does not rotate at all
T20 Mode, mode 1, rotate to mode 1
T21 Mode Collection, all modes for a real system, eqt(2, 12)
3 tests is rather small, but not a lot of code is required, so this covers everything for modes made from a major scale. The modes are all unique so they are not classified or labeled yet. There could be labeling of modes, based on the starting chord structure that mode uses, but that requires chord classification.

#V1 1/16/2021
Might change the theory interface to be more streamlined. It would not have make. What is in make would be done by the constructor. The variables used to make the structure would no longer be stored. The constructor would be empty (unused) and the new interface would have:
make(System, List<Theory>()): 		makes the theory.
checkDepencies(List<Theory>()): 	checks if the list of Theories has the required theories this Theory needs.
This would allow the theory builder to not need to know the requirements, instead it can find if it has them, in case the order of the theory creation is wrong. I think After the chord scale theory is done, it would be a good time to start on the actual builder. Of course this new interface would break every test, but the changes for each are small.

#V1 1/17/2021
Chords for a scale require modes to really work well. It would be easy to import the mode theory. It might be better to make mode theory part of major scale theory. It would save on resources, and make modes easier to access. 

Scales now have direct access to their alternate modes, through a switching mechanism. This mode is a mode of the current scale. So switching to mode 2, then switching to mode 0 will still use mode 2. Since mode 2 is now the current mode 0. This system should probably be changed, since this mode change might be confusing to users. Modes should also throw an exception when trying to access a non-existant mode. Or it could just pretend the modes loop (they do).

Maybe scale based chords should be accessible through the scales themselves. This mechanism would make the chord scale collection not necessary and allow direct access of chords based on the current mode.

#V1 1/18/2021
Decided to make the mode mechanism a factory method. The scale can make modes of itself. It works better because the scale is still accessible through the object, rather than changing the internal structure. It also makes chords a lot easier.

#V1 1/20/2021
The theory builder does not work with the current setup. I need the builder to build theory based on a queue.
I will make a new theory interface, It will only have the necessary methods for the queue builder. Others may be added, but it would just make the implementation more complex for new theories.
- void:make(system, theoryList);		// makes the theory
- boolean checkMade();

I am not sure how to manage dependencies. I want a system that can register dependent classes as "slots", then when it gets a dependent class that is made, it will fill that slot. Finally, the next class will get that dependency.

Made a way to manage dependencies. Rather than add something to the already complex class hierarchy.
I made an interface for managing dependencies and a MapDepencyManager.
- void add(Theory theory);
- void fill(Collection<Theory> theoryList);
- Theory get(Theory theory) throws MissingTheoryException;

These methods provide a way for classes to easily manage dependencies, and throw back an exception when a theory is missing.
Ideally, the theory implementations that need to, will use this manager. In the constructor they will add the theories they need to it.
In make, they will call get for each dependency and assign it to a local variable. I do not see an easy way to automate this process better, since each theory has different dependencies.

#V1 1/21/2021
Fixed all the theories. Now all that is needed for v1 is the theory builder to work with all current theories (not sub theories). And for it to have some error handeling for different setups of queues and error cases. This version will only have the queue version. The threaded version will come later.
Made the tests for the builder:
B1 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that builds all the theories so far (not sub theories)
B2 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories (they are not possible to build)
B3 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories for improper structures that violate other exceptions
B4 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that works but is out of order
B5 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that does not work (missing theory)
The builder is simple, the missing theories are handled in a set, if a theory is unable to build twice then the theory will be impossible to build. This assumption is wrong, but this setup is good enough. Now I will comment and look for parts to refactor before moving to V2.

Refactoring
-
- Scale Based chords are a bit messy to make, it should not rely on modes

Coverage
-
- 83.6% (src only)
- Pretty good for now, I would like it to be 100% but idk if I should really test to string.
- Some smaller methods (setters/getters) just go unused.
- Some parts of methods are not fully understood or tested, these will get covered when going back to improve.
- coverage testing is not really worth doing, but I'll keep this in mind for V2

# Goals
~ the stuff in brackets and testing is what is yet to be finished
# [p] ratio analysis
- ratio analysis class
- ratio class
- efficiently creates a ratio that is within less than 1% of the irrational value for each 
- testing to finish <br>
	- [A2, A3]
- Types of analysis <br>
	- one octave sample 
	- full system range [Produces ratios that are no-longer useful as the range between the bounds allows for minimal complexity for large intervals] <br>
- commenting and cleaning <br>
	- ratio <br>
	- ratio analysis <br>
	
# [p] Interval analysis
- basic interval class
- basic interval types (enum)
- efficiently creates a list of intervals based on a system and ratio analysis
- testing to finish <br>
	- [A15, ???]
- Interval types <br>
	- tonic [ratios that are not actual tonics are categorized as tonics in bases higher than 2, not sure if these classifications should be changed] <br>
	- tri-tone [still not fully understood for bases above 2] <br>
	- major <br>
	- minor <br>
	- equal <br>
	- perfect [still not fully understood because tri-tones are not fully understood] <br>
	- imperfect [still not fully understood in other bases<br>]
- commenting and cleaning 
	- BASIC INTERVAL
	- Basic interval analysis

# Major Scale and Scale Theory
- scale interface 
- scale or other theory template abstract class
- includes only major and perfect intervals
- decide how equal intervals should be handled
- Scale abstract
	- allows transversal of steps in either direction
	- can work across octaves
	- only retuns numbers inside the system (might throw an exception)
- application groups
	- cyclic systems in base 2
	- non-cylic systems
	- false tonics
	- tritones in bases above 2

# Collections Theory
- collections are a type of theory that only works as a group of theories. 
	- a get method for the collection list
	- other collections will have more specific access or categorization

# Modes Theory
- a type of collection
	
# Chord Scale Theory
- Creates a chord that includes notes in a row from a major scale. 
	- good place to use a lambda, depending on how the chord is defined
- chord interface
	- control the starting tone
	- control the number of tones (in a stack)
	- invert the chord (access the number of inversion)
	- modify the chord [difficult to create this one]
- scale chord
	- makes all the chords for a scale as a list of chords
	- does not classify them yet

# General
- make a bit bucket repository for the project

 Test
- [c] S1 Equal Temperament creation process
- [c] A1 Ratio analysis one octave sample test
- [c] A2 Ratio analysis full range test
- [c] A3 Ratio analysis dense octave sample test
- [c] A4 Interval Analysis tonic (first tone)
- [c] A5 Interval Analysis tonic (whole number ratio results)
- [c] A6 Interval Analysis TriTone, base 2 
- [c] A7 Interval Analysis Major Minor
- [c] A8 Interval Analysis Minor Major
- [c] A9 Interval Analysis Equal Equal
- [c] A10 Interval Analysis, perfects in base 2
- [c] A11 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12)
- [c] A12 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
- [c] A13 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7)
- [c] A14 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
- A15 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi
- [c] T1 Major Scale, gets all tonic intervals (only tonic)
- [c] T2 Major Scale, gets all major intervals (only major)
- [c] T3 Major Scale, gets all perfect intervals (only perfect)
- [c] T4 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12), uses applyAt()
- [c] T5 Major Scale, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
- T6 Major Scale, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7) [not fully sure how to handle these intervals in major scales]
- [c] T7 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
- T8 Major Scale, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi [Requests previous tests to be done]
- [c] T9 Scale, start next
- [c] T10 Scale, start next then previous
- [c] T11 Scale, start next across octaves
- [c] T12 Scale, start previous across octaves
- [c] T13 Scale, apply
- [c] T14 Scale, applyAt (full system)
- [c] T15 Scale, next scale limit (128)
- [c] T16 Scale, previous scale limit (0)
- [c] T17 Scale, applyAt upper scale limit
- [c] T18 Scale, applyAt lower scale limit
- [c] T19 Scale, mode 0, does not rotate at all
- [c] T20 Scale, mode 1, rotate to mode 1
- [c] T21 Scale, mode 6, across bounds
- [c] T22 Scale, mode 3 back to mode 0
- [c] T23 Scale, mode 7 out of bounds
- [c] T24 Scale, chord 0, 2 tones 
- [c] T25 Scale, chord 0, 3 tones
- [c] T26 Scale, chord 0, 1 or 0 tones throws an exception
- [c] T27 Scale, chord 2, 3 tones
- [c] T28 Scale, chord 4, 4 tones (across octaves)
- [c] D1 Dependency Manager, get filled theory
- [c] D2 Dependency Manager, get missing theory
- [c] D3 Dependency Manager, get theory that was not added
- [c] D4 Dependency Manager, desired dependency is a superclass/interface to a dependency that is entered 
- [c] B1 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that builds all the theories so far (not sub theories)
- [c] B2 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories (they are not possible to build)
- [c] B3 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories for improper structures that violate other exceptions
- [c] B4 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that works but is out of order
- [c] B5 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that does not work (missing theory)

	