#V2 1/22/2021
V1 created a basic theory builder that can make basic theory for an equal temperament system. It can build a ratio analysis to create simple interval labels to make the system's major scale. There are a few topics left to research and expand the list of system categories. For the major scale, all modes and chords can be created. V2 will expand on both the scales and chords. The main scales to focus on are chromatic, overtone, pentatonic, and other alternative scale ideas that might be good to support (like blues or alternate minor scales). The main chords to focus on are making chord categories/labels for triads and 7-chords, inversions (cycle), and chord roles (for the major scale). Another area for research is keys and labeling the tones with letters. Another builder model may be possible since later types of theories can be developed in parallel. Though parallel processing will only slightly increase speed, it is worth creating a threaded builder. Another possible area is for creating system compatibility, most of these theories are compatible with all formatted systems, but other versions will expand to other formatted systems (well temperament and meantone temperament) but certain types of analysis apply those temperaments but not equal temperament. Compatibility can be similar to the dependency, but of course it will be required for every theory. Though it will not change make. It should also have it's own annotation to list compatible system types and some examples. V3 will add other system support and theories that apply to them, and other ideas.

Made The chromatic scale. Made the tests:
T29 Chromatic scale, full system that cycles
T30 Chromatic scale, full system that does not cycle
Added a varible that represents the size of the scale used when transversing the scale. Next and previous used to work based on the scale, but this assumption fails for chromatic scales, that apply to all systems and do not require formatting.

Pentatonic scale is rather confusing. Instead of the scale having 5 tones, it modifies the major scale to remove dissonant or minor intervals. 
eqt(2, 12) scale: [0, 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 11]
To get the pentatonic scale minor seconds can be removed using the interval analysis.
Interval analysis: [BASIC_INTERVAL.TONIC, BASIC_INTERVAL.MINOR, BASIC_INTERVAL.MAJOR, 
					BASIC_INTERVAL.MINOR, BASIC_INTERVAL.MAJOR, BASIC_INTERVAL.PERFECT,
					BASIC_INTERVAL.TRI_TONE, BASIC_INTERVAL.PERFECT, BASIC_INTERVAL.MINOR,
					BASIC_INTERVAL.MAJOR, BASIC_INTERVAL.MINOR, BASIC_INTERVAL.MAJOR]
The first minor second in the scale is between 4 and 5. 4 is part of the major triad, so 5 should be removed instead. The idea here is to prioritize aspects of the major scale that define the scale. Conflict and resolution. 
The second minor second is between 11 and 0 (as the scale structure cycles). Removing the tonic would destabilize the system so 11 is removed.
eqt(2, 12) pentatonic scale: [0, 2, 4, 7, 9] 
I'll try the same thing with other systems:

eqt(2, 11) [0, 2, 3, 5, 8, 9]
[TONIC, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR]
Conflict: 2 and 3, 3 is part of the first major triad. So 2 should be removed
eqt(2, 11) pentatonic [0, 3, 5, 8, 9]

eqt(2, 19) [0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 14, 16, 17]
[TONIC, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR]
Conflict: 8 and 9. Remove 9 (8 is part of the major triad)
eqt(2, 19) pentatonic [0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 11, 14, 16, 17]

eqt(2, 23) [0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20, 21]
[TONIC, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MINOR, MINOR, MAJOR, MAJOR, MINOR]
Conflict: 8 and 9. Remove 9
Conflict: 14 and 15. Not sure which to remove. 14 is not part of the tonic chord.
Conflict: 20 and 21. Not sure which to remove. 21 is not part of the tonic chord.
eqt(2, 23) pentatonic [0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 11, 15, 17, 20]

...

#Previous Research Left
- interval analysis: tritones
- interval analysis: imperfects
- interval analysis: non-cyclic systems
- Major scales: equal intervals
- Major scales: imperfects
- Major scales: non-cyclic systems

#Current Research
- Scale: overtone (maybe?)
- Scale: pentatonic
- Chord: triad categories
- Chord: 7-chord categories
- Chord: chord roles (for major scale)
- Keys: mapping and labeling tones with letters
- System Builder: Threaded builder
- System Compatibility: check if the system is compatible with the theory 
- System Compatibility: change make to accept any system
- System Compatibility: annotation for system compatibility for each theory 

#Coverage
- 83.6% (src only)
- Pretty good for now, I would like it to be 100% but idk if I should really test to string.
- Some smaller methods (setters/getters) just go unused.
- Some parts of methods are not fully understood or tested, these will get covered when going back to improve.
- coverage testing is not really worth doing, but I'll keep this in mind for V2

#Testing
#V1
- [c] S1 Equal Temperament creation process
- [c] A1 Ratio analysis one octave sample test
- [c] A2 Ratio analysis full range test
- [c] A3 Ratio analysis dense octave sample test
- [c] A4 Interval Analysis tonic (first tone)
- [c] A5 Interval Analysis tonic (whole number ratio results)
- [c] A6 Interval Analysis TriTone, base 2 
- [c] A7 Interval Analysis Major Minor
- [c] A8 Interval Analysis Minor Major
- [c] A9 Interval Analysis Equal Equal
- [c] A10 Interval Analysis, perfects in base 2
- [c] A11 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12)
- [c] A12 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
- [c] A13 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7)
- [c] A14 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
- A15 Interval Analysis, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi
- [c] T1 Major Scale, gets all tonic intervals (only tonic)
- [c] T2 Major Scale, gets all major intervals (only major)
- [c] T3 Major Scale, gets all perfect intervals (only perfect)
- [c] T4 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone and perfects eqt(2, 12), uses applyAt()
- [c] T5 Major Scale, full system base 2 without tritone eqt(2, 11)
- T6 Major Scale, full system base 2 with equal eqt(2, 7) [not fully sure how to handle these intervals in major scales]
- [c] T7 Major Scale, full system base 2 with tritone but not perfects eqt(2, 10)
- T8 Major Scale, full system base 2 non-cyclic system (2, 6.283185307179586476925286766559) or 2*Pi [Requests previous tests to be done]
- [c] T9 Scale, start next
- [c] T10 Scale, start next then previous
- [c] T11 Scale, start next across octaves
- [c] T12 Scale, start previous across octaves
- [c] T13 Scale, apply
- [c] T14 Scale, applyAt (full system)
- [c] T15 Scale, next scale limit (128)
- [c] T16 Scale, previous scale limit (0)
- [c] T17 Scale, applyAt upper scale limit
- [c] T18 Scale, applyAt lower scale limit
- [c] T19 Scale, mode 0, does not rotate at all
- [c] T20 Scale, mode 1, rotate to mode 1
- [c] T21 Scale, mode 6, across bounds
- [c] T22 Scale, mode 3 back to mode 0
- [c] T23 Scale, mode 7 out of bounds
- [c] T24 Scale, chord 0, 2 tones 
- [c] T25 Scale, chord 0, 3 tones
- [c] T26 Scale, chord 0, 1 or 0 tones throws an exception
- [c] T27 Scale, chord 2, 3 tones
- [c] T28 Scale, chord 4, 4 tones (across octaves)
- [c] D1 Dependency Manager, get filled theory
- [c] D2 Dependency Manager, get missing theory
- [c] D3 Dependency Manager, get theory that was not added
- [c] D4 Dependency Manager, desired dependency is a superclass/interface to a dependency that is entered 
- [c] B1 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that builds all the theories so far (not sub theories)
- [c] B2 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories (they are not possible to build)
- [c] B3 Queue Theory Builder, correct queue that fails to build sub theories for improper structures that violate other exceptions
- [c] B4 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that works but is out of order
- [c] B5 Queue Theory Builder, wrong queue that does not work (missing theory)

#V2
- T29 Chromatic scale, full system that cycles
- T30 Chromatic scale, full system that does not cycle